Hello dear friends with you Kuzya
welcome to my channel you
See my rubric reviews on bugs and from
her second issue in this issue is you
I will show the three most funny and unusual
bug at the moment which is now
valid many waited for the second issue
last issue collected as many as 700 likes
I hope you also like this
video as well as subscribe to my channel
not to miss any further videos from
world gta 5 online well let's
let's get down to doing
next bug we need to call
mechanics did you come burrows were in
the report is only required here
You can do this scourge in general take
car fish it costs only 3 thousand
dollars if anyone and no in general
and drive up to the hangar where he
nearest hangar on the left through melancholy where
there is a springboard where there is a luxor
usually and should under and you should
drive up to this coil here stands here
such a yellow coil with yellow
some kind of wires or hoses i don't know
what is that general you should somehow
pull this coil out a bit
places where it usually stands here as well
tweeting where it usually stands in general
the most important thing is what is the tank
the fact that your friend does not see this coil and
may even pass through it that is
for your friend this coil is simply not
there is no know why somehow
prove and up this coil she have your
friend disappears and very now you can
the holes were accelerated so little and not
hurrying to drive this coil and those
the most turns up so rise top
part of the machine and since your friend doesn't
sees this coil then for you from a friend you
just not all will rise
top of the machine is high enough
it can even crawl under your car
overall this is a really funny bug and
as you can see right now my friend how would
raise it to. I have this coil
I do not see the coil in general, here is such
funny bug and so the next bug that
he wanted to show this texture bug in
gta online a lot of texts
by which you can run under
general map to do all sorts of things there about
all sorts of things personally day which there with
home missions you understand and very rain
showed you the place where this one is
texture well this texture is unusual he
really cool you should
come to this place on high pretty
same cars on big and drive up here
only the same wall that drove up
vividly
summer purple doors and in general now
you have to climb your car and
go here to this wall and click
squares you grew let here
such a texture is really textures
unusual because here you can
calm walk quietly shoot
go right under the road that is you
two of them will walk it will go
Masha ride cars general really
very cool texture given on from
better who ever saw and
the most interesting thing is that as first
I advise you somehow not to do at all
sudden movements that is, well, how would
to run away neatly to me sometimes
there was a document was once this climbed
what I'm talking about right fell into this texture
flew to flash under the card if the other
since I already managed to just walk
there and just have to walk under
every hour and so forth st also advise
you and your friend visit this steve
tour it is really fun and
next last tank for today as
usual by tradition I leave the most
fun skill the funniest bug on
lastly so you need to find a belt
getting into it is simple and so
lean against the wall push the touchpad
passive mode turn it on and off
its here and all you just click here
so press the walls press r1
so sit down to turn on the touchpad
passive mode turn off passive
mode and after literally 5-7 seconds you
failed under the train and here is such
funny bug happens you just just
grin with how to slide and just as well
there is like a search just a little slower and
quite simply so here you are traveling as
skateboard really funny bug
one denunciation will wiser the best which
I 've ever seen a tank on so
use it until it is fixed
because I am well that soon
so roughly must fix and most
the main thing is that you can firstly
drive as you drive ie you just
point in which direction you want
how can u side look what
the side you eat and the most important thing is that you
you can even fly that is see on
at some level friend get off the mountain you
you wo n't fall anyway
also those just turn off and turn on
mode upper will fly high on
air then you drop it all buy
who wanted to show you today
I hope you enjoyed this video.
and you will like it also under
There is on my channel and on this all write
comment your opinions and join
Vkontakte group join the
large public about gta online also
go we are a group of pumping cheating
your character in gta online in general
all important links in the description for this
video on this i say goodbye to you all
thanks for watching this video
good luck everyone all bye
chapter
houses